feat: Add new Designate reference section (#436)
citynetwork/docs: docs/reference/designate/index.md

# DNS servers

## Server regions

By default, each new zone you create with Designate comes equipped with two name servers.
The names of those servers, like `cloud-ns1.fra1-pub.cleura.cloud.` and `cloud-ns2.kna1-pub.cleura.cloud.`, seem indicative of the {{brand}} regions they reside in.

> This is not the case, and the following matrix shows the regions each name server resides in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The names of those servers, like `cloud-ns1.fra1-pub.cleura.cloud.` and `cloud-ns2.kna1-pub.cleura.cloud.`, are indicative of the regions whose DNS zones and records they handle.

The following matrix shows where each name server is located.
```
